

LinkedIn

 

Profile

I specialise in high-profile strategic execution with PwC
for world-class clients. By keeping a sharp focus on practical innovation, I
run successful projects that break new ground – often against a challenging
backdrop.

 

I was named the Highly Commended Young Consultant of the
Year 2015 by the Management Consultancies Association, having built a track
record of leading clients and teams through the entire project lifecycle. My
key skills span:

- Benefits realisation and quality management

- Governance and stakeholder engagement

- Scoping, planning and scheduling

- Ongoing reporting and communications

 

I hold a Master's degree from the University of Cambridge,
and have completed executive education with Harvard University. My main
interest now lies in creating shared value that builds social and economic
progress.

 

 

 

CV

 

Profile

 

I specialise in high-profile strategic execution with PwC
for world-class clients. By keeping a sharp focus on practical innovation, I
run successful projects that break new ground – often against a challenging
backdrop.

 

Work

 

2013–present Management Consultant at PwC

 

Awarded the Highly Commended Young Consultant of the Year
2015 prize by the Management Consultancies Association and recognised by PwC's
Head of People for capturing what makes the firm ‘proud to be PwC’, I have a
track record of leading clients and teams through the entire project lifecycle.
My key skills span:

 

Benefits realisation and quality management

- Currently delivering a comprehensive review of the
front-office Bank Resource Management division for the firm’s Operating
Committee, running senior management interviews with an interdisciplinary
client team.

- Managed an organisation-wide Regulatory Affairs project at
Tier 1 investment bank to produce advanced modelling and documentation meeting
the Bank of England’s expectations, then coordinated multiple delivery teams to
build technology enhancements aligned to global strategic priorities.

 

Governance and stakeholder engagement

- Led a £90m implementation plan for health and social care
integration in a challenged health economy, working single-handedly with a
partnership of dozens of organisations to develop robust business cases, manage
C-suite stakeholders, as well as generate strategic and financial insights –
awarded the highest ratings nationally by UK ministers and published by the
Department of Health as a best practice example.

- Engaged with senior board members to manage the governance
model for an NHS Improvement exercise, having become a trusted advisor to the
commissioners’ Chief Officers following national recognition of my strategic
planning work.

 

Scoping, planning and scheduling

- Ran a global Legal and Compliance programme responding to
an FCA request, developing a suite of policies, handbooks and training to
instil a best-in-class market conduct culture at a top U.S. bank.

- Wrote and compiled a number of large-scale £1m+ PwC
competitive bids, building on my proven ability to scope, contract and on-sell
work.

 

Ongoing reporting and communications

- Developed and executed an operational strategy to roll out
George Osborne’s flagship pension reforms, leading several implementation
workstreams to set clear direction for a network of UK-wide delivery partners.

- Acted as a central PMO link of a £300m UK Government fund,
communicating to an audience spanning over 20 countries and 5 languages, and
writing socio-political reports for the Secretary of State.

 

Education

 

2010–2013 Natural Sciences MA (Cantab.) at University of
Cambridge

- Subjects: Genetics and Emerging Technologies
Entrepreneurship.

- Dissertation: The role of product-service systems as
pharmaceutical business models (written with the Cambridge Judge Business
School) – awarded a 'Very High First Class' (75%) and nominated for the
international Undergraduate Awards in the Social Innovation category.

- Engaged as an Academic Researcher by the Cambridge Judge
Business School to build on the original models and ideas developed in my
Honours dissertation.

- Member of the Clare College Student Investment Fund,
responsible for managing £35k+ of the college’s endowment – outperforming the
FTSE100.

 

Certifications

 

2015 Registered PRINCE2 Practitioner AXELOS

2014 Innovating in Health Care Harvard University

2009 Enterprise Oxford, Cambridge and RSA

 

Other Activities

 

- Mentoring disadvantaged students under a range of
initiatives for 10 years, most recently working with the London Nautical School
to run one-on-one sessions supporting Higher Education applicants from
non-traditional backgrounds to instil a culture of aspiration.

- I am also active in helping start-up founders to shape and
refine their ideas and secure funding, with one biotech spin-out named the Life
Science Start-up of the Year after guiding the management team with business
model recommendations, product and market analysis, and an intellectual
property approach.

